[Music]
the rabbit listened
by corey dorfeld
one day taylor decided to build
something
[Music]
something new
something special
[Music]
something amazing
taylor was so proud
[Music]
but then
out of nowhere
things came crashing down
the chicken was the first to notice
[Music]
what a shame i'm so sorry sorry sorry
this happened
let's talk talk talk about it
but taylor didn't feel like talking
so the chicken left
[Music]
next came the bear
how horrible i bet you feel so angry
let's shout about it
but taylor didn't feel like shouting
so the bear left
the elephant knew just what to do
i can fix this we just need to remember
exactly the way things were
but taylor didn't feel like remembering
so the elephant left
the hyena
let's laugh about it
the ostrich
[Music]
let's hide and pretend nothing happened
the kangaroo
what a mess let's throw it all away
and the snake
let's
go knock down someone else's
[Music]
but taylor didn't feel like doing
anything with anybody
so eventually they all left
[Music]
until taylor was alone
in the quiet taylor didn't even notice
the rabbit
but it moved closer and closer
until taylor could feel its warm body
together they sat in silence until
taylor said
please stay with me
the rabbit listened
[Music]
the hmm listened as taylor talked
the rabbit listened as taylor
shouted the rabbit listened as taylor
remembered
and laughed
the rabbit listened to taylor's plans to
hide
to throw everything away
[Music]
to ruin things for someone else
through it all the rabbit never left
and when the time was right the rabbit
listened to taylor's plan to build again
i can't wait
taylor
said it's going to be amazing
the end
please subscribe